Name of our application: AIDPLUS
Our app AIDPLUS is the drug catalog which enables users to search through the drug catalog and access important details about a particular drug. User can search through the database by providing the search string. Search string can be single word or combination of word. Application will decompose the search string to words and search the drug catalog’s brand name and full name and will list all the drugs which matches the search string with a slider (10 drugs in single page). users can slide next and previous to view all the matches. Clicking on a particular search result with land in Search result page which displays the NDF, FDA and RX term details of the particular drug. User can navigate to home screen any time they want through the home link in the top. Also user can navigate to previous page using back link.
Screens in the Application:
Home screen: Screen which display the information/Use about the application and information about our Team CRAZY-ENGINEERS. User can give their search term in the search text box and hit search button to submit their search.
List Screen: Search will land in the List Screen where user can view the search results which matches the search string. This screen will view full name of 15 drugs at a time and also has slider to navigate and view next or previous 15 drugs in the search results.
Detail Screen: Clicking on a particular search result will land in the Detail screen where NDF, RX term, FDA details of particular drug will be displayed. Details are well presented with Accordion and Sub heading.
